EC-84: Restructure eZ Commerce doc, part 2 (#2)
ezsystems/commerce-documentation: docs/guide/bestseller/bestseller.md

# Bestseller

eZ Commerce offers a feature to determine and display bestsellers. 

Bestsellers are determined based on all confirmed orders. The information how often a product was purchased is stored in Solr by a Solr plugin. The shop owner can specify from which point a product counts as a bestseller.

> Bestsellers can be displayed on Landing Pages, category pages and bestseller page. 

Reviewer: Does "bestseller page" need an article?

## Enable bestsellers in shop

> To enable bestsellers in the shop set the following parameter to true:

Reviewer: "shop, set"

``` yaml
siso_core.default.enable_bestsellers: true
```

## Configure bestsellers in Back Office

> Inthe Back Office, go to eZ Commerce->Configuration Settings->Miscellaneous

Reviewer: In the (space missing)

> Inthe Back Office, go to eZ Commerce->Configuration Settings->Miscellaneous

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the Back Office, go to eZ Commerce->Configuration Settings->Miscellaneous.
```
